feat(indexing): simplify and rely on contentDigest (#162)
algolia/gatsby-plugin-algolia: README.md

## Partial Updates

> This plugin will update only the changed or deleted notes on your Gatsby site. This means indexing is faster.

Author: ```suggestion
This plugin will update only the changed or deleted nodes on your Gatsby site. This means indexing is faster.
```

> This plugin will update only the changed or deleted nodes on your Gatsby site. This means indexing is faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin will update only the changed or deleted nodes on your Gatsby site.
```

Since it's a fresh base we don't really know what `faster` is compared to

> We rely on Gatsby's default contentDigest field, so make sure that this is queried.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We rely on Gatsby's default `contentDigest` field, so make sure it is queried.
```

Reviewer: (I also feel like it should be in bold since it should be there)

```suggestion
**We rely on Gatsby's default contentDigest field, so make sure that this is queried.**
```
